**Global Relay Ownership and Restrictions on Use**

1. **Definitions**
    1. "**Derivative Works**" means any work, whether in Source or Object form, that is based on (or derived from) the Work.
    2. "**Global Relay**" means Global Relay Communications Inc.
    3. "**Intellectual Property Rights**" means any and all registered and unregistered rights granted, applied for, or otherwise now or hereafter in existence under or related to any patent, copyright, trademark, trade secret, database protection, or other intellectual property rights laws, and all similar or equivalent rights or forms of protection, in any part of the world.
    4. "**Person**" means an individual, corporation, unlimited liability company, partnership, joint venture, governmental authority, unincorporated organization, trust, association, or other entity.
    5. "**Object**" form means any form resulting from mechanical transformation or translation of a Source form, including but not limited to compiled object code, generated documentation, and conversions to other media types.
    6. "**Source**" form means the preferred form for making modifications, including but not limited to software source code, documentation source, and configuration files.
    7. "**Work**" means the work of authorship, whether in Source or Object form, to which this document is attached.
2. **Ownership.** Global Relay is the sole and exclusive owner of the Work and all Intellectual Property Rights therein. For greater certainty, no Intellectual Property Rights in the Work are transferred from, or licensed by, Global Relay to any Person.
3. **Restrictions on Use.** Without Global Relay's prior written consent (which this document does not constitute), no Person may use, decompile, reverse engineer, disassemble, attempt to derive source code, decrypt, make modifications, adapt, improve, enhance, translate, or create Derivative Works from the Work.
4. **Disclaimer of Warranty.** TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED UNDER APPLICABLE LAW, WHERE GLOBAL RELAY HAS CONSENTED TO THE USE OF THE WORK BY ANY PERSON, GLOBAL RELAY PROVIDES THE WORK ON AN "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF TITLE, NON-INFRINGEMENT, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
5. **Limitation of Liability.** To the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, in no event and under no legal theory, whether in tort (including negligence), contract, or otherwise, shall Global Relay be liable to any Person for damages, including any direct, indirect, special, incidental, or consequential damages of any character arising as a result of the use or inability to use the Work (including but not limited to damages for loss of goodwill, work stoppage, computer failure or malfunction, or any and all other commercial damages or losses), even if Global Relay has been advised of the possibility of such damages.
